Add emergency section in the README (#380)
morpho-org/metamorpho: README.md

- Compute the new root for the vault’s rewards distributor, submit it, wait for the timelock (if any), accept the root, and let vault depositors claim their rewards according to the vault manager’s rewards re-distribution strategy.

## Emergency

> ### An enabled market risk is now considered unsafe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### An enabled market is now considered unsafe
```

> If the owner/curator consider an enabled market unsafe (e.g., risk too high) and want to disable this market, he should follow these steps :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an enabled market is considered unsafe (e.g., risk too high), the curator/owner may want to disable this market in the following way:
```
[optional]

- Set the cap of the market to 0 with the `submitCap` function.

> - Revoke the pending cap of the market with the `revokePendingCap` function (this can also be done by the guardian).

Reviewer: These 2 lines should be switched, otherwise the submit cap can revert because of this line of code:
https://github.com/morpho-org/metamorpho/blob/2a2b25087821a2f079b12a29224220985b4a80ab/src/MetaMorpho.sol#L279

> - Withdraw all the supply of this market with the `reallocate` function. If there is not enough liquidity on the market, the market should be put at the beginning of the withdraw queue (with the `updateWithdrawQueue` function).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Withdraw all the supply of this market with the `reallocate` function.
  If there is not enough liquidity on the market, the market should be put at the beginning of the withdraw queue (with the `updateWithdrawQueue` function).
```
putting each sentence on its own line is recommended so that changes are easier to track with git

> - Withdraw all the supply of this market with the `reallocate` function. If there is not enough liquidity on the market, the market should be put at the beginning of the withdraw queue (with the `updateWithdrawQueue` function).

Reviewer: Can be reworded to explain that it's not all or nothing: remove the maximum (capped by the liquidity), and then for the rest rely on the withdraw queue

- Once all the supply has been removed from the market, the market can be removed from the withdraw queue with the `updateWithdrawQueue` function.

### An enabled market reverts

> If an enabled market starts reverting, it makes a lot of the vault functions revert as well (because of the call to `totalAssets`). To turn the vault back to an operating state, the market must be forced removed by the owner/curator, who should follow these steps :

Reviewer: same

> If an enabled market starts reverting, it makes a lot of the vault functions revert as well (because of the call to `totalAssets`). To turn the vault back to an operating state, the market must be forced removed by the owner/curator, who should follow these steps :

Reviewer: I think we should be more cautious in how this is phrased: markets are not expected to "start reverting". Also it sounds like if a market reverts at some point it will always revert, whereas maybe the correct solution would be just to wait it out a bit

> If an enabled market starts reverting, it makes a lot of the vault functions revert as well (because of the call to `totalAssets`). To turn the vault back to an operating state, the market must be forced removed by the owner/curator, who should follow these steps :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an enabled market starts reverting, many of the vault functions would revert as well (because of the call to `totalAssets`). To turn the vault back to an operating state, the market must be forced removed by the owner/curator, who should follow these steps :
```
[optional]

- Set the cap of the market to 0 with the `submitCap` function.

> - Revoke the pending cap of the market with the `revokePendingCap` function (this can also be done by the guardian).

Reviewer: same

- Submit a removal of the market with the `submitMarketRemoval` function.
- Wait for the timelock to elapse
- Once the timelock has elapsed, the market can be removed from the withdraw queue with the `updateWithdrawQueue` function.

### Curator takeover

> If the curator starts to submits positive caps for unsafe markets that are not in line with the vault risk strategy, the owner of the vault should :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the curator starts to submit positive caps for unsafe markets that are not in line with the vault risk strategy, the owner of the vault can:
```

- Set a new curator with the `setCurator` function.

> - Revoke the pending caps submitted by the guardian (this can also be done by the guardian or the new curator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Revoke the pending caps submitted by the curator (this can also be done by the guardian or the new curator).
```

> - If the curator had the time to accept a cap (because `timelock` has elapsed before the guardian or the owner had time to act), the owner (or the new curator) must disable the unsafe market (see the "An enabled market risk is now considered unsafe" section above).

Reviewer: same

> - If the curator had the time to accept a cap (because `timelock` has elapsed before the guardian or the owner had time to act), the owner (or the new curator) must disable the unsafe market (see the "An enabled market risk is now considered unsafe" section above).

Reviewer: [optional] You can link sections natively in markdown, see [this resource](https://anvilproject.org/guides/content/creating-links#linking-to-an-internal-page-heading)

### Allocator takeover

> If one of the allocators starts setting withdraw queue and/or supply queue that are not in line with the vault risk strategy, or maliciously reallocating the funds, the owner of the vault should :

Reviewer: I would not say malicously, because it makes it sound like it's possible for the allocator to move funds as they desire (but it's actually not the case by design: the allocator can only move funds among trusted markets)

> - Deprive the malicious allocator from his privileges with the `setIsAllocator` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprive the faulty allocator from his privileges with the `setIsAllocator` function.
```

- Compute the new root for the vault’s rewards distributor, submit it, wait for the timelock (if any), accept the root, and let vault depositors claim their rewards according to the vault manager’s rewards re-distribution strategy.

## Emergency

### An enabled market is now considered unsafe

If an enabled market is considered unsafe (e.g., risk too high), the curator/owner may want to disable this market in the following way:

> - Revoke the pending cap of the market with the `revokePendingCap` function (this can also be done by the guardian).

Reviewer 2: maybe we should say that transactions must be batched together via the multicall?

Reviewer: Maybe not "must", because it sometimes works without the multicall, so something like: "To ensure that submit cap does not revert because of a pending cap, it is recommended to batch the two previous transactions, for example using the `multicall` function of MetaMorpho."

Reviewer 3: If done in multiple tx, the item should be "withdraw as much supply as possible with reallocate".

- Set the cap of the market to 0 with the `submitCap` function.
- Withdraw all the supply of this market with the `reallocate` function.
  If there is not enough liquidity on the market, remove the maximum available liquidity with the `reallocate` function, then put the market at the beginning of the withdraw queue (with the `updateWithdrawQueue` function).
- Once all the supply has been removed from the market, the market can be removed from the withdraw queue with the `updateWithdrawQueue` function.

> ### An enabled market reverts

Reviewer 2: I think we should say that in this case users will lose funds

> If an enabled market starts reverting, many of the vault functions would revert as well (because of the call to `totalAssets`). To turn the vault back to an operating state, the market must be forced removed by the owner/curator, who should follow these steps :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an enabled market starts reverting, many of the vault functions would revert as well (because of the call to `totalAssets`). To turn the vault back to an operating state, the market must be forced removed by the owner/curator, who should follow these steps:
```

- Revoke the pending cap of the market with the `revokePendingCap` function (this can also be done by the guardian).
- Set the cap of the market to 0 with the `submitCap` function.
- Submit a removal of the market with the `submitMarketRemoval` function.
- Wait for the timelock to elapse
- Once the timelock has elapsed, the market can be removed from the withdraw queue with the `updateWithdrawQueue` function.

> ### Curator takeover

Reviewer 4: a meme is worth a thousand words
![image](https://github.com/morpho-org/metamorpho/assets/3147812/bff662e2-34c1-48f5-91d2-90af38298d50)

Reviewer 4: bringing some fun in PR reviews but i understand if you feel overwhelmed. Feel free to resolve

If the curator starts to submit positive caps for unsafe markets that are not in line with the vault risk strategy, the owner of the vault can:

- Set a new curator with the `setCurator` function.
- Revoke the pending caps submitted by the curator (this can also be done by the guardian or the new curator).
- If the curator had the time to accept a cap (because `timelock` has elapsed before the guardian or the owner had time to act), the owner (or the new curator) must disable the unsafe market (see [above](#an-enabled-market-is-now-considered-unsafe)).

### Allocator takeover

> If one of the allocators starts setting withdraw queue and/or supply queue that are not in line with the vault risk strategy, or incoherently reallocating the funds, the owner of the vault should :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If one of the allocators starts setting withdraw queue and/or supply queue that are not in line with the vault risk strategy, or incoherently reallocating the funds, the owner of the vault should:
```

  If there is not enough liquidity on the market, remove the maximum available liquidity with the `reallocate` function, then put the market at the beginning of the withdraw queue (with the `updateWithdrawQueue` function).
- Once all the supply has been removed from the market, the market can be removed from the withdraw queue with the `updateWithdrawQueue` function.

### An enabled market reverts

If an enabled market starts reverting, many of the vault functions would revert as well (because of the call to `totalAssets`). To turn the vault back to an operating state, the market must be forced removed by the owner/curator, who should follow these steps:

- Revoke the pending cap of the market with the `revokePendingCap` function (this can also be done by the guardian).
- Set the cap of the market to 0 with the `submitCap` function.
  To ensure that submit cap does not revert because of a pending cap, it is recommended to batch the two previous transactions, for example using the multicall function of MetaMorpho.
- Submit a removal of the market with the `submitMarketRemoval` function.
- Wait for the timelock to elapse

> - Once the timelock has elapsed, the market can be removed from the withdraw queue with the `updateWithdrawQueue` function.

Reviewer 4: Nitpicking: this list could be numbered, because steps are order-dependent

Author: I think it's implicit that the order matters, but I'm okay to make the list numbered.
Wdyt @morpho-org/onchain-reviewers ?

Reviewer 2: Make things easier, I agree this is better

> Warning : Funds supplied in forced removed markets will be lost, this why only reverting market should be disabled this way (because funds supplied in such markets can be considered lost anyway).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning : Funds supplied in forced removed markets will be lost, this is why only market expect to always revert should be disabled this way (because funds supplied in such markets can be considered lost anyway).
```
